---
layout: post
category : meetups
tagline: "Windows Admin Survival Guide: Managing Linux servers with PowerShell (Steven Judd)"
tags : [Linux, Configuration Management, Data Center and Operations Automation, Infrastructure as Code, System Administration]
img : meetups/2024-03-06.png
img-mobile : 
img2 : 
img3 : 
author : RTPSUG
title2 : 
title3 : 
title3 : 
css: 
js: 
bgcolor: ff5a71
keywords: Linux, Configuration Management, Data Center and Operations Automation, Infrastructure as Code, System Administration
canonical: https://fullit.github.io
---
{% include JB/setup %}


Make the transition from Windows Server Pro to Linux Server Ninja by using PowerShell to your advantage!

<!--more-->

## Meeting Overview:

Is Linux one of the operating systems you must use and support? (Azure Cloud Shell, anyone?) Or maybe you want to learn Linux. PowerShell can help you transition from being a thriving Windows Administrator to surviving in an organization that has zero Windows Servers. Discover the important distinctions between PowerShell usage on Linux and Windows. Learn the top skills needed to excel in Linux. Learn how to use your knowledge of PowerShell for working with Bash or any scripting language.


## Speaker Info:

### Steven Judd

Meet Steven Judd, a seasoned IT professional with a wealth of experience under his belt! Officially known as a DevOps infrastructure engineer, he has dabbled in everything from Windows 95 to Server 2022 and desktops to servers, applications, Firewalls and everything in between. Presently, he tames Linux servers and leverages his impressive PowerShell skills to streamline the process. 🔥


## Join Us:

Join us [online or in person](https://www.meetup.com/research-triangle-powershell-users-group/events/298769133). 

## TimeZone Info:

Want to know what time this meeting is in your time zone?
https://meeting.rtpsug.com/timezoneinfo

## About RTPSUG:

RTPSUG is a friendly cadre of PowerShell fans from different walks of life, all coming together to share our love for ideas and knowledge. Our meetups are open to everyone, whether you're a seasoned pro or just getting started with PowerShell. So, if PowerShell is your jam, come hang out with us and see how our group can level up your PowerShell journey.

## Recording Notice:

Get ready to shine in the spotlight! We love capturing the magic of our meetings and sharing it with the world on our YouTube channel a few days later. By showing up, you're giving us the green light to use any recordings that might have your star appearance in them. We might even make you famous on YouTube and Reddit!
🌟📹😄


