---
layout: post
category : meetups
tagline: "Community Lightning Demos (featuring You!)"
tags : [Microsoft Windows,Cloud Computing,PowerShell,Data Center and Operations Automation,System Administration]
img : meetups/2024-09-04.png
img-mobile : 
img2 : 
img3 : 
author : RTPSUG
title2 : 
title3 : 
title3 : 
css: 
js: 
bgcolor: ff5a71
keywords: Microsoft Windows,Cloud Computing,PowerShell,Data Center and Operations Automation,System Administration
canonical: https://fullit.github.io
---
{% include JB/setup %}

🌟 Calling all coders! 🖥️ Join us for a fun community event where you can show off your PowerShell coding skills in quick 5-10 minute demos. Whether you're a newbie or a pro, everyone is welcome to share their tools and scripts.

<!--more-->

## Meeting Overview:

Join us for an exciting community event where members can showcase their own code through short 5-10 minute demos.

- Have you recently solved a work-related problem that you think could benefit others?
- Are you facing a coding challenge that you're struggling to overcome?
- Found a great article online?

Feel free to showcase anything interesting that saves you time or makes your job easier or let the community assist you in solving your problem!

## What can you share?

Any code that you believe may be useful to others is welcome. It could be a simple two-line script or a complex function. The purpose of community sharing is to expose code to others so that they can benefit from your work.

We accommodate all skill levels, so don't hesitate to demonstrate a script that you found helpful. No need for slides or fancy presentations—just share your code and explain what it does. Each participant will have approximately five minutes to present.

# Presenter Sign Up Link:

[Link](https://meeting.rtpsug.com/demo)

Fill out the form to secure your spot on the schedule. We accept all submissions, and sign-ups will be scheduled based on availability.

## Speaker Info:

#  The Communtiy!

## Join Us:

Join us [online or in person](https://www.meetup.com/research-triangle-powershell-users-group/events/303185897/). 

## TimeZone Info:

Want to know what time this meeting is in your time zone?
https://meeting.rtpsug.com/timezoneinfo

## About RTPSUG:

RTPSUG is a friendly cadre of PowerShell fans from different walks of life, all coming together to share our love for ideas and knowledge. Our meetups are open to everyone, whether you're a seasoned pro or just getting started with PowerShell. So, if PowerShell is your jam, come hang out with us and see how our group can level up your PowerShell journey.

## Recording Notice:

Get ready to shine in the spotlight! We love capturing the magic of our meetings and sharing it with the world on our YouTube channel a few days later. By showing up, you're giving us the green light to use any recordings that might have your star appearance in them. We might even make you famous on YouTube and Reddit!
🌟📹😄


