---
layout: post
category : meetups
tagline: "What's new in PowerShell Universal v5! (Adam Driscoll)"
tags : [Data Center and Operations Automation, PowerShell, Infrastructure as Code, Microsoft Azure, System Administration]
img : meetups/2024-08-21.png
img-mobile : 
img2 : 
img3 : 
author : RTPSUG
title2 : 
title3 : 
title3 : 
css: 
js: 
bgcolor: ff5a71
keywords: Data Center and Operations Automation, PowerShell, Infrastructure as Code, Microsoft Azure, System Administration
canonical: https://fullit.github.io
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Let’s check out PowerShell Universal and explore what’s new in version 5, set to launch in the next few weeks!

<!--more-->

## Meeting Overview:

PowerShell Universal, created by Adam Driscoll from Ironman Software, is a platform that enables users to build and manage web applications, APIs, and automation tasks using PowerShell. It enhances the PowerShell experience by offering a user-friendly interface for application development and deployment.

Adam will join us to show the latest updates in PowerShell Universal v5, which has been in beta for nearly six months. He’ll guide us through all the new features in this outstanding release and show how easy it is to create user interfaces and APIs for other teams.

## Speaker Info:

### Adam Driscoll

Adam Driscoll is the founder of Ironman Software, a company focused on developing innovative tools for PowerShell users. A former Microsoft MVP, he has played a key role in enhancing the PowerShell experience with user-friendly applications. Adam is also an active open-source developer and software architect, contributing significantly to the PowerShell community.

## Join Us:

Join us [online or in person](https://www.meetup.com/research-triangle-powershell-users-group/events/302924366). 

## TimeZone Info:

Want to know what time this meeting is in your time zone?
https://meeting.rtpsug.com/timezoneinfo

## About RTPSUG:

RTPSUG is a friendly cadre of PowerShell fans from different walks of life, all coming together to share our love for ideas and knowledge. Our meetups are open to everyone, whether you're a seasoned pro or just getting started with PowerShell. So, if PowerShell is your jam, come hang out with us and see how our group can level up your PowerShell journey.

## Recording Notice:

Get ready to shine in the spotlight! We love capturing the magic of our meetings and sharing it with the world on our YouTube channel a few days later. By showing up, you're giving us the green light to use any recordings that might have your star appearance in them. We might even make you famous on YouTube and Reddit!
🌟📹😄


