---
layout: post
category : meetups
tagline: "How to Write Better PowerShell Code (Jeff Hicks)"
tags : [Configuration Management, DevOps, Microsoft Active Directory, Data Center and Operations Automation, System Administration]
img : meetups/2024-04-03.png
img-mobile : 
img2 : 
img3 : 
author : RTPSUG
title2 : 
title3 : 
title3 : 
css: 
js: 
bgcolor: ff5a71
keywords: Configuration Management, DevOps, Microsoft Active Directory, Data Center and Operations Automation, System Administration
canonical: https://fullit.github.io
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Join PowerShell veteran Jeffrey Hicks for a primer on how to write better scripts and take your code to the next level!

<!--more-->

## Meeting Overview:

What's the difference between writing good code and great code?

Often, the difference is nothing more than experience. The more you write and learn, the better your code becomes. Of course, there’s always the challenge of “I don’t know what I don’t know.” Veteran PowerShell expert, author, and teacher Jeff Hicks will share his knowledge and 18 years(!) of PowerShell scripting experience to help you write better code and get to the next level.


## Speaker Info:

### Jeff Hicks

With over 30 years of experience, Jeffery Hicks is an IT veteran who specializes in Microsoft server technologies and focuses on automation and efficiency as an IT infrastructure consultant. He is a multi-year recipient of the Microsoft MVP Award.

Jeff is a highly regarded author, teacher, and consultant who is a well-known in his field. For the past two decades, Jeff has been teaching IT Pros worldwide about PowerShell and the advantages of automation. For the past two decades, Jeff has been teaching IT Pros worldwide about PowerShell and the advantages of automation. He has written, co-written, and edited multiple books, and contributed to various online and print publications. Jeff is both a Pluralsight author and a frequent speaker at tech conferences and user groups.


## Join Us:

Join us [online or in person](https://www.meetup.com/research-triangle-powershell-users-group/events/299340041/). 

## TimeZone Info:

Want to know what time this meeting is in your time zone?
https://meeting.rtpsug.com/timezoneinfo

## About RTPSUG:

RTPSUG is a friendly cadre of PowerShell fans from different walks of life, all coming together to share our love for ideas and knowledge. Our meetups are open to everyone, whether you're a seasoned pro or just getting started with PowerShell. So, if PowerShell is your jam, come hang out with us and see how our group can level up your PowerShell journey.

## Recording Notice:

Get ready to shine in the spotlight! We love capturing the magic of our meetings and sharing it with the world on our YouTube channel a few days later. By showing up, you're giving us the green light to use any recordings that might have your star appearance in them. We might even make you famous on YouTube and Reddit!
🌟📹😄


