---
layout: post
category : meetups
tagline: "Power up your Lab: Dive into AutomatedLab (Phil Bossman)"
tags : [Automation, DevOps, Virtualization, Infrastructure as Code, System Administration]
img : meetups/2024-03-20.png
img-mobile : 
img2 : 
img3 : 
author : RTPSUG
title2 : 
title3 : 
title3 : 
css: 
js: 
bgcolor: ff5a71
keywords: Automation, DevOps, Virtualization, Infrastructure as Code, System Administration
canonical: https://fullit.github.io
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Join us as we explore AutomatedLab, a powerful PowerShell module that helps create virtual lab environments for testing.

<!--more-->

## Meeting Overview:

Explore AutomatedLab, a powerful PowerShell module that helps you build virtual environments for testing. This presentation will guide you through how to use AutomatedLab to quickly create and manage virtual machines for your lab setups. We'll cover the basic cmdlets and show you examples of how to use them. With live demos and simple explanations, you'll learn how to set up your virtual labs easily, making testing and development processes easier. Whether you're an experienced IT pro or just starting out, join us to discover how AutomatedLab can simplify your lab environment creation.


## Speaker Info:

### Phil Bossman

Phil Bossman [@Schlauge](https://github.com/Schlauge) is a PowerShell enthusiast with a passion for learning.  He is an accomplished Windows administrator and a Citrix architect for a leading national building materials supplier. With over 25 years of tech industry experience, Phil's fervor lies in technology, automation, and mastering all facets of PowerShell. He excels at conveying his PowerShell expertise in an approachable and understandable manner.

Phil is a co-organizer of the Research Triangle PowerShell User Group (@rtpsug)[https://twitter.com/rtpsug] 


## Join Us:

Join us [online or in person](https://www.meetup.com/research-triangle-powershell-users-group/events/299843560/). 

## TimeZone Info:

Want to know what time this meeting is in your time zone?
https://meeting.rtpsug.com/timezoneinfo

## About RTPSUG:

RTPSUG is a friendly cadre of PowerShell fans from different walks of life, all coming together to share our love for ideas and knowledge. Our meetups are open to everyone, whether you're a seasoned pro or just getting started with PowerShell. So, if PowerShell is your jam, come hang out with us and see how our group can level up your PowerShell journey.

## Recording Notice:

Get ready to shine in the spotlight! We love capturing the magic of our meetings and sharing it with the world on our YouTube channel a few days later. By showing up, you're giving us the green light to use any recordings that might have your star appearance in them. We might even make you famous on YouTube and Reddit!
🌟📹😄


