---
layout: post
category : meetups
tagline: "Better Code and Collaboration: Dev Containers and CodeSpaces (Joe Houghes)"
tags : [Automation, DevOps, Virtualization, Infrastructure as Code, System Administration]
img : meetups/2024-04-17.png
img-mobile : 
img2 : 
img3 : 
author : RTPSUG
title2 : 
title3 : 
title3 : 
css: 
js: 
bgcolor: ff5a71
keywords: Automation, DevOps, Virtualization, Infrastructure as Code, System Administration
canonical: https://fullit.github.io
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Join Joe Houghes for an overview of best practices you should follow for open source projects. We’ll discuss source control, collaboration, and managing coding environments for coding and automated testing.

<!--more-->

## Meeting Overview:

IT pros often put their projects out there as Open Source, hoping for collaboration to make them better. But no one ever talks about how to make it easier to join open source projects. Join Joe Houghes to see which tools and standards make collaborating on your project a breeze. 

We’ll discuss a range of topics, including source control best practices, techniques for better collaboration, and managing coding environments. We will explore how tools like DevContainers, Polyglot notebooks, and GitHub Codespaces simplify code packaging, documentation, distribution, and testing, while also making it accessible for new users to get involved.

Don’t miss this session to learn simple process tweaks and powerful tools that will level up your impact at work and in the community!

## Speaker Info:

### Joe Houghes

Joe Houghes is a co-leader of the Denver PowerShell & VMware User Groups and he's a Sr. Solutions Architect with Pure Storage. He focuses on automating us out of our IT operations while freeing us to perform higher-level tasks.

Joe has been the #1 speaker internationally for VMUG in 2021 and 2022 for virtual and in-person events, and is always working to help & encourage the next community speaker(s) to take his place, while helping to get them started.

Joe also works to evangelize the message that automation should be a focus for admins & engineers, even though it requires more in-depth thinking and focus beyond performing a task once. He knows that even though it is not always someone's default method, the result is then repeatable and consistent.

Joe tries to help others understand why we should do the easy tasks better, and he challenges everyone to push themselves outside of their comfort zone and learn more about any topic of interest.

Joe is a collector of communities as a leader for 2 User Groups, a Microsoft MVP, a vExpert Pro, a Cisco Champion, plus vBrownBag crew. He tells people not to let fear keep them from sharing their knowledge with others and teaching from their unique perspective.

He's also easy to spot by the bright hat, big grin, and the loud "Howdy Y'all."


## Join Us:

Join us [online or in person](https://www.meetup.com/research-triangle-powershell-users-group/events/300426674/). 

## TimeZone Info:

Want to know what time this meeting is in your time zone?
https://meeting.rtpsug.com/timezoneinfo

## About RTPSUG:

RTPSUG is a friendly cadre of PowerShell fans from different walks of life, all coming together to share our love for ideas and knowledge. Our meetups are open to everyone, whether you're a seasoned pro or just getting started with PowerShell. So, if PowerShell is your jam, come hang out with us and see how our group can level up your PowerShell journey.

## Recording Notice:

Get ready to shine in the spotlight! We love capturing the magic of our meetings and sharing it with the world on our YouTube channel a few days later. By showing up, you're giving us the green light to use any recordings that might have your star appearance in them. We might even make you famous on YouTube and Reddit!
🌟📹😄


