---
layout: post
category : meetups
tagline: "Better Code and Collaboration: Dev Containers and CodeSpaces (Joe Houghes)"
tags : [Automation, DevOps, Virtualization, Infrastructure as Code, System Administration]
img : meetups/2024-04-17.png
img-mobile : 
img2 : 
img3 : 
author : RTPSUG
title2 : 
title3 : 
title3 : 
css: 
js: 
bgcolor: ff5a71
keywords: Automation, DevOps, Virtualization, Infrastructure as Code, System Administration
canonical: https://fullit.github.io
---
{% include JB/setup %}

This session will cover some best practices for open source regarding collabration and source control, along with how we can more easily manage environments for coding and automated testing.

We should encourage IT Pros to make it easier for collaboration and sharing within Git projects and these better practices and dev containers make this much simpler to become a reality.

<!--more-->

## Meeting Overview:

We'll cover the how and why for some specific practices that we should be leveraging in our regular git usage, including:

- using Jupyter notebooks to further improve your documentation and usability of your code, as well as a training tool
- DevContainers and Codespaces to make it easy to package, distribute, and test code, along with lowering the barrier to entry for new users and collaborators for your code
- GitHub projects to improve documentation and collaboration

Many IT Pros are working in code very often, but many of us got ourselves up to speed to be effective and did not continue on our paths to be more efficient and collaborate with others.

Furthermore, making our code easy to understand and consume for others who try and use it is not always a major focus for us, since we're more often trying to make things functional.

Come join this session to learn more about some easy tweaks to your process, along with additional tooling that can greatly improve your impact within your organization.


## Speaker Info:

### Joe Houghes

Joe Houghes is a co-leader of the Denver PowerShell & VMware User Groups and he's a Sr. Solutions Architect with Pure Storage. He focuses on automating us out of our IT operations while freeing us to perform higher-level tasks.

Joe has been the #1 speaker internationally for VMUG in 2021 and 2022 for virtual and in-person events, and is always working to help & encourage the next community speaker(s) to take his place, while helping to get them started.

Joe also works to evangelize the message that automation should be a focus for admins & engineers, even though it requires more in-depth thinking and focus beyond performing a task once. He knows that even though it is not always someone's default method, the result is then repeatable and consistent.

Joe tries to help others understand why we should do the easy tasks better, and he challenges everyone to push themselves outside of their comfort zone and learn more about any topic of interest.

Joe is a collector of communities as a leader for 2 User Groups, a Microsoft MVP, a vExpert Pro, a Cisco Champion, plus vBrownBag crew. He tells people not to let fear keep them from sharing their knowledge with others and teaching from their unique perspective.

He's also easy to spot by the bright hat, big grin, and the loud "Howdy Y'all."


## Join Us:

Join us [online or in person](https://www.meetup.com/research-triangle-powershell-users-group/events/300426674/). 

## TimeZone Info:

Want to know what time this meeting is in your time zone?
https://meeting.rtpsug.com/timezoneinfo

## About RTPSUG:

RTPSUG is a friendly cadre of PowerShell fans from different walks of life, all coming together to share our love for ideas and knowledge. Our meetups are open to everyone, whether you're a seasoned pro or just getting started with PowerShell. So, if PowerShell is your jam, come hang out with us and see how our group can level up your PowerShell journey.

## Recording Notice:

Get ready to shine in the spotlight! We love capturing the magic of our meetings and sharing it with the world on our YouTube channel a few days later. By showing up, you're giving us the green light to use any recordings that might have your star appearance in them. We might even make you famous on YouTube and Reddit!
🌟📹😄


