---
layout: post
category : meetups
tagline: "Up Your PowerShell Knowledge with the PowerShell tiPS module (Dan Schroeder)"
tags : [Computer Programming, PowerShell, Configuration Management, Infrastructure as Code, System Administration]
img : meetups/2024-11-06.png
img-mobile : 
img2 : 
img3 : 
author : RTPSUG
title2 : 
title3 : 
title3 : 
css: 
js: 
bgcolor: ff5a71
keywords: Computer Programming, PowerShell, Configuration Management, Infrastructure as Code, System Administration
canonical: https://fullit.github.io
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Get ready to explore the incredible **tiPS module** with Dan Schroeder, designed to deliver valuable tips and tricks directly in your PowerShell terminal shell.

<!--more-->

## Meeting Overview:

Have you ever seen a demo or worked with someone who used PowerShell in a unique way that made you think, "Wow, I need to remember that!"? How often have those cool ideas slipped your mind? Now, there's a solution! The **tiPS module** by Dan Schroeder offers a wealth of tips and tricks right at your fingertips in the PowerShell prompt.

## What Can You Expect?

The tiPS module is packed with features to enhance your PowerShell experience, including:

- PowerShell features and best practices
- Helpful PowerShell modules
- Terminal keyboard shortcuts
- Editor extensions for improved development
- Information on PowerShell communities and events
  
Dan Schroeder, the creator of this fantastic module, will be demonstrating how it works, sharing his development process, and showing you how everyone can contribute to making it even better. Get ready for a fantastic session filled with useful insights to streamline your work!

## Speaker Info:

### Dan Schroeder

Dan Schroeder is a software developer with over 20 years of experience, starting his coding journey in 2000. He holds a Master's degree in Computer Science and has a strong passion for software development and automation. Dan enjoys creating open source software on GitHub and also manages private repositories and pipelines in Azure DevOps.

## Join Us:

Join us [online or in person](https://www.meetup.com/research-triangle-powershell-users-group/events/304331467/). 

## TimeZone Info:

Want to know what time this meeting is in your time zone?
https://meeting.rtpsug.com/timezoneinfo

## About RTPSUG:

RTPSUG is a friendly cadre of PowerShell fans from different walks of life, all coming together to share our love for ideas and knowledge. Our meetups are open to everyone, whether you're a seasoned pro or just getting started with PowerShell. So, if PowerShell is your jam, come hang out with us and see how our group can level up your PowerShell journey.

## Recording Notice:

Get ready to shine in the spotlight! We love capturing the magic of our meetings and sharing it with the world on our YouTube channel a few days later. By showing up, you're giving us the green light to use any recordings that might have your star appearance in them. We might even make you famous on YouTube and Reddit!
🌟📹😄


