---
layout: post
category : meetups
tagline: "Download All Your Packages with Ease using AnyPackage (Thomas Nieto)"
tags : [Configuration Management, PowerShell, Software Development, Data Center and Operations Automation, System Administration]
img : meetups/2024-10-02.png
img-mobile : 
img2 : 
img3 : 
author : RTPSUG
title2 : 
title3 : 
title3 : 
css: 
js: 
bgcolor: ff5a71
keywords: Configuration Management, PowerShell, Software Development, Data Center and Operations Automation, System Administration
canonical: https://fullit.github.io
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Join Thomas Nieto as he introduces his module, AnyPackage! With this powerful tool, you can easily install software packages from popular repositories using just one set of cmdlets.

<!--more-->

## Meeting Overview:

In recent years, the conversation around installing software from package repositories has really heated up. Some users are die-hard fans of Chocolatey, others swear by WinGet, and many have their own secret weapon with Scoop. But let’s be honest—juggling the different syntaxes for each of these tools can feel like solving a puzzle with missing pieces.

That’s where AnyPackage comes in! Created by the talented Thomas Nieto, this outstanding module lets you install software from multiple repositories (and beyond) using a unified set of cmdlets.

Join us as Thomas takes us on a journey through the magic of AnyPackage, demonstrating how it works. Afterwards Thomas will peel back the cover of the module and highlight some of the clever code he crafted to overcome unique challenges in its design. Get ready for a session that promises to simplify your software installation experience!

## Join Us:

Join us [online or in person](https://www.meetup.com/research-triangle-powershell-users-group/events/303519822/). 

## TimeZone Info:

Want to know what time this meeting is in your time zone?
https://meeting.rtpsug.com/timezoneinfo

## About RTPSUG:

RTPSUG is a friendly cadre of PowerShell fans from different walks of life, all coming together to share our love for ideas and knowledge. Our meetups are open to everyone, whether you're a seasoned pro or just getting started with PowerShell. So, if PowerShell is your jam, come hang out with us and see how our group can level up your PowerShell journey.

## Recording Notice:

Get ready to shine in the spotlight! We love capturing the magic of our meetings and sharing it with the world on our YouTube channel a few days later. By showing up, you're giving us the green light to use any recordings that might have your star appearance in them. We might even make you famous on YouTube and Reddit!
🌟📹😄


