---
layout: post
category : meetups
tagline: "Build Beautiful Docs with platyPS and Material (Josh Hendricks)"
tags : [Automation, DevOps, Virtualization, Infrastructure as Code, System Administration]
img : meetups/2024-04-17.png
img-mobile : 
img2 : 
img3 : 
author : RTPSUG
title2 : 
title3 : 
title3 : 
css: 
js: 
bgcolor: ff5a71
keywords: Automation, DevOps, Virtualization, Infrastructure as Code, System Administration
canonical: https://fullit.github.io
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Join Josh Hendricks for a look at how build functional AND beautiful documentation from your existing code with PlatyPS.

<!--more-->

## Meeting Overview:

As an IT pro, you get that having top-notch documentation for your tools is key. But let’s be real. Sometimes docs end up on the back burner or get skipped altogether. But hey, the good news is, building and sharing beautiful, functional documentation has never been easier.

Josh Hendricks will show how to generate documentation with PlatyPS and develop a user-friendly website for easy access to the documentation. Join us for this interactive workshop where we will enhance a basic PowerShell project by creating visually appealing, responsive, and searchable online documentation. Don’t forget to bring your laptop to take part in this hands-on demo!

## Speaker Info:

### Josh Hendricks

Josh [@joshooaj](https://twitter.com/joshooaj) started his career in technical support and a passion for tinkering, and making tools to improve the customer experience steered him toward software engineering. His nerd hobbies include self-hosting apps like Bitwarden, and occasionally contributing to OSS projects on GitHub.

## Join Us:

Join us [online or in person](https://www.meetup.com/research-triangle-powershell-users-group/events/300463459/). 

## TimeZone Info:

Want to know what time this meeting is in your time zone?
https://meeting.rtpsug.com/timezoneinfo

## About RTPSUG:

RTPSUG is a friendly cadre of PowerShell fans from different walks of life, all coming together to share our love for ideas and knowledge. Our meetups are open to everyone, whether you're a seasoned pro or just getting started with PowerShell. So, if PowerShell is your jam, come hang out with us and see how our group can level up your PowerShell journey.

## Recording Notice:

Get ready to shine in the spotlight! We love capturing the magic of our meetings and sharing it with the world on our YouTube channel a few days later. By showing up, you're giving us the green light to use any recordings that might have your star appearance in them. We might even make you famous on YouTube and Reddit!
🌟📹😄


