---
layout: post
category : meetups
tagline: "A Decade of BurntToast: The Best Thing Since Sliced Bread (Josh King)"
tags : [Automation, PowerShell, Performance, IT Development, DevOps]
img : meetups/2025-08-20.png
img-mobile : 
img2 : 
img3 : 
author : RTPSUG
title2 : 
title3 : 
title3 : 
css: 
js: 
bgcolor: ff5a71
keywords: Automation, PowerShell, Performance, IT Development, DevOps
canonical: https://fullit.github.io
---
{% include JB/setup %}

The BurntToast PowerShell module is like a personal chef for your Windows notifications — it serves up those little pop-up messages in the corner of your screen, but with way more flavor.

<!--more-->

## Meeting Overview:

[BurntToast](https://github.com/Windos/BurntToast) has been serving up Windows toast notifications via PowerShell for over a decade, and version v1.0 is finally here. 🚀 In this session, we'll pop back through its history, highlight the moments that shaped the module, and dive into what's fresh in this milestone release. Whether you're looking to add flair, functionality, or actionable content to your notifications, you'll walk away ready to make your messages impossible to ignore.

## Speaker Info:

### Josh King

Josh is a Senior Infrastructure Operations Engineer at Chocolatey Software and a former Microsoft MVP. He has a long history working within Windows and VMware environments and has a passion for all things PowerShell and automation.

## Join Us:

Join us [online or in person](https://www.meetup.com/research-triangle-powershell-users-group/events/310501588/). 

## TimeZone Info:

Want to know what time this meeting is in your time zone?
https://meeting.rtpsug.com/timezoneinfo

## About RTPSUG:

RTPSUG is a friendly cadre of PowerShell fans from different walks of life, all coming together to share our love for ideas and knowledge. Our meetups are open to everyone, whether you're a seasoned pro or just getting started with PowerShell. So, if PowerShell is your jam, come hang out with us and see how our group can level up your PowerShell journey.

## Recording Notice:

Get ready to shine in the spotlight! We love capturing the magic of our meetings and sharing it with the world on our YouTube channel a few days later. By showing up, you're giving us the green light to use any recordings that might have your star appearance in them. We might even make you famous on YouTube and Reddit!
🌟📹😄


